---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-08-20
---

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.219

## Date: Thursday 2015-08-20
 
## Start: 6:06PM
 
## Attendance	

### Committee

  * Everyone

### Guests

  * Tim Mcdonald
  * Delan Azabani 

## Minutes

  * Good
  	 
## Treasury Report

  * "it's a treasury" - Josh, 2015
  * Couple of cycles rolled into one
  * Income $1449.92
    * Pool was $623
  * Expenditure 604.64
    * Pool repair was $420
  * Discrep 0.85

## Old Action Items

  * Nothing worth following up
 
## First Aid Training

  * Brad needs to get paid
  * Jacob, Adam, Jordan, Darryl want to do it

## Past Events
 
### Analogue Games Night

  * Was good lets do it again
  * Do quicker games in future , long games alienate others
  * Everybody happy

## Shirts

  * Ordered on August 6
  * Should be here two weeks from now
  * Everyone owes $20

## Future Events
 
### Vidya Games Night

  * Low key event
  * Might just get some consoles out for a few hours, some people on committee to bring some
  * Emulator-Export can be plugged into the projector
  * Brad needs to bring the controller back in
  * We have the bottom floor of the Pav
  * Its this Wednesday, 26/8
	 
### Hack Night: Sandro and Richard edition

  * Sanrdo is organising a hack night with Richard
  * All the relevant information is on trello, some highlights:
  * There are 4 levels, ranging from easy to "inside job" level stuff
  * Networking 
    * Needs two switches for some magic and air-gapping, going to need 
    * one server will be routing from Curtin to rack-corp (beepboop probably)
  * Registration:
    * Teams of up to 4
	* Prizes a thing, need to be decided though
 
### TFTI
  * James Massey from AFG good
  * Rob good to go, bringing someone from UWA maybe
  * Brad: Patrick is likely a no-go
  * Ask Raymond if he would like to participate?
  * Mitchell Sullivan {someone was talking over this? Someone please fill the gap}
  * Delan asking {who?}
  * Date is currently 7th October
   //{Seriously guys we need to chill on this talking over people thing, I had to ask Luke to clarify things at least three times here, still missed important details}

### Teach and Learn Night
  * Was going to happen on a Saturday after coderdojo
  * Scratch that, we're changing the dates now, to the following Tuesday instead 
  * Brad handling OOPD
  * Josh handling UCP
  // These names of people were thrown about
	//OOPD: jmo, carmel, annesly, jonno, giany, timmyp (handled by brad)
	//UCP: jmo, stefan, carmel, amy, jason brown, tilbrook, jono (handled by josh)
  * Second session is the next Saturday, DSA
  * Luke handling DSA
  // Names thrown out 
	//DSA: "giarny" {phonetic, how is his name spelt?}  jordan, mark, darnell
  * Mark only wants people who are tutoring the unit to teach during these sessions now, not just people who have taken the unit
  * Doing it 10am now, Tuesday after lan , 1st of September
  * A third event, just for OOPD will be run 3rd of October, being sorted at a closer meeting
  * Luke, Josh, Brad to send announcements in Blackboard

### Di Another Day (Smash Competition)
  * Runs during the upcoming LAN
  * Runs all weekend, but stops each night at 10pm
  * Schedule of events can be found on their event page         

  // Taking off the minutes before publishing publicaly, because reasons and things
	brad to max: give us those forms
	They do have plans, contingency plans, layouts
	we’re saying 100 max
	attendees should spread over the day, so capacity shouldn’t be too hard to manage
	going to be moving people to outside areas if they aren’t playing
	need to have a door person or a sign up
	they have wristbands and have given lists of details for us
	Tom thought it was meant to just be $600 not 50% of tickets
	We were getting 50% of the door ticket prices, this has been debated between us and them
	kye sending some emails to brad, but nothing helpful though, cheers bud
	kye refusing to send personal conversations with the organiser that would give us a leg to stand on, cheers bud
	looks like we just have to deal with $600, not the original 50% considering we have nothing in writing to work with
	either way, its a nice $600 for nothing
	apparently they paid a 300 bond months ago, josh trying to confirm/deny this
	they have paid 600 two weeks ago, josh can confirm this
	We’re going to security to talk to Sean and register both our events with him
	Need to contact Amanda about the motorsport stuff in the way
	Friday night Darryl will overwatch smash
  //
	

### LAN         
  * LAN Three: Netflix and Chill edition
  * I'm so sorry for the title, last year Callum called this one "Happening status: It's happening"
  * Brody is bringing his steam-cache server, should reduce network load
  * Not much is needed to organise this one
  * Need to get rid of prizes we already have, but also get the usual steam cards
  * Adam missing both Friday night and Saturday, Brad missing Friday night (We're around for setup though)
  * Setup starts crack of noon, 12PM, and we are letting people in at about 3PM (HOPEFULLY)
  * If someone wants to arrange an esky again or ask guild, we can do drinks again, not a huge priority though

## Altronics

  * Nathaniel sorted the account out with them
  * No longer the "compro" account
  * Details in wiki
//Again people spoke over him, so I got what I could here

## Delan asking things
  
  * Dreamspark, how are we getting those emails?
    * We are Curtin's provider, it shows on the site when they try to register
	* Keydist, Delan would like to add to it
    * Give people DL links?
		* Okay apparently we cant do that legally
		* Self serve?
    * User gets given an account, they reprove enrolment each semester via enrolment advice

## PMS 
	* Is back up
  * We need to work on getting this finished
  * Nathaniel/Adam, just make decisions to get it up and going
	* Sandro gonna help too
  * Adam wants to buy 2 - 4TB HDD's and put in raid 1, future proof it for little cost
  * Vote failed 4/5/0
  * Rephrased, can Adam buy 2 - 2TB HDD's and put in raid 1, make a minor saving
  * Vote passed 9/0/0


## Action Items

  * Luke: Prepare content for DSA, announce
  * Brad: Prepare content for OOPD, announce
  * Brad: Bring back xbox controller
  * Josh: Prepare content for UCP, announce 
  * Adam: Source 2x 2TB HDD's for PMS
  * Adam: Document beepboop and set it up for Hack Night
  * Nathaniel/Adam: PMS General
  * Delan asking somebody something about TFTI

  * Unallocated
    * Print posters for LAN
    * Steam Cards for LAN
    * Contact Amanda regarding Motorsport stuff


## Finish: 7:32